Chapter 1: Twilight in the Lucid Moon
    --breif introduction to main character
scene bg Black
    "???" "..."
    "???" "Hello is anyone there?"   
choice:
     "yes":jump yes      --continue
     "...":exit_game     --end game   
label yes:
sprite = itzel_neutral.line 
      "???" "I've never encountered a ghost before...but your presence is very peacful"
      "???" "I guess ghosts really exist here... in this place"
      "???" "Sorry, I forgot to introduce myself"
      "???" "My name is Itzelcoatl..."
      Itzel "I dont really know where to begin...or how \'introductions\' work"
      Itzel "..."
      Itzel "usually there is no one to talk here...its always so lonely"
      Itzel "forgive me, usually I'm alone most of the time...I'm not used to conversation"
      Itzel "but I want to talk to more often..."
      Itzel "to know what it feels like to have a friend"
Input = ("What is your name?",max_length=20)
      Itzel user_name .. "that's such a strange name..."
      Itzel "but that's O.K...I'm sure lots of ghosts have unusual names"
      Itzel "On a night like this, the Moon looks so beautifull, I'm happy to share it with you user_name."
	  
    --player interaction
scene = Moon
sprite = itzel_neutral.color
      Itzel "What do you want to talk about?"
choice:
      "where am I?" jump where?
	  "why is the Moon strange?" jump moon?
label: where?
      Itzel "This place...is the Lucid Moon"
      Itzel "The Moon has always been my sanctuary and hiding place."
      Itzel "Its also where all the new souls end up"
      Itzel "... I dont really know how you came to this place..."
      Itzel "..."
      Itzel "They used to be a place for new souls..."
      Itzel "somewhere in Sky Haven..."
      Itzel "not anymore..."
laber: moon?
      Itzel "This moon...is the Lucid Moon"
	  Itzel "The Moon has always been my sanctuary and hiding place."
      Itzel "Its also where all the new souls end up"
      Itzel "... I dont know why but recently its aurua is strange..."
      Itzel "..."
      Itzel "They used to be a place for new souls..."
      Itzel "somewhere in Sky Haven..."
      Itzel "not anymore..."
	  --loops back to the main branch
laber: main
sprite = itzel_neautral.color at left
      Itzel "The world has fallen into chaos..."
      Itzel "..."
sprite = lucifer_neutral.line at right
      Itzel "...and Lucifer has taken over Sky Haven..."
      Itzel "..."
      Itzel "He has possesion of the Ghost Lantern"
      Itzel "and has powers that are un-imaginable..."
sprite_nill = lucifer_neutral.line 
      Itzel "I fear that there is no hope"
      Itzel "..."
	  Itzel "but we must try and stop him..."
	  Itzel "becuase... I am the last of the Star Serpents"
	  Itzel "The last Godess"
	  Itzel "Not long ago we lived in Sky Haven...Lucifer..."
	  Itzel "He destroyed my home..."
	  Itzel "The Lucid Moon was the only place I could run...My family...friends..."
sprite = itzel_negative
	  Itzel "It was too late..."
	  itzel "the Ghost Lantern destroyed everything..."
scene = devil_force_no_eyes.vauge
	  itzel "and the devil+force took over Sky Haven"
	  
sprite_nil = itzel_negative      
scene = black 
      narration_begin
      nar "Meanwhile in Sky Haven, the New Lord Lucifer is praised by his followers..." 
sprite = lucifer_neutral.line
      nar "Oh You Wisest and fairest of Angels, God betrayed by destiny and deprived of praise"
      nar "O Prince of Exile, you who have been wronged And who vanquished always rise up again more strong"
      nar "You who know all, great king of hidden things,The familiar healer of sufferings"
      nar "You who give the outlaw that calm and haughty look That damns the whole multitude around his scaffold."
      nar "You who to console frail mankind in its sufferings Taught us to mix sulphur and saltpeter"
      nar "Staff of those in exile, lamp of the inventor, Confessor of the hanged and of conspirators"
      nar "Adopted father of those whom in black rage Quetzalcoatl drove from the earthly paradise"
      nar "Glory and Praise to you,O New Morning-Star,In the Heights of Heaven and in the Depths of the Underworld"
      nar "Where once vanquished you dreamt in silence and rose as King of Kings!"
      nar "O Lucifer take pity, new Lord of the Spirit World"
sprite = lucifer_negative.color
      nar "Lucifers followers dissipate and he is left alone to contemplate with the Devil-Force"
scene = devil_force_no_eyes.vivid
sprite = lucifer_positive.color 
      Lucifer "Now that I have possesion of the Ghost Lantern, I have returned to Sky Haven..."
      Lucifer "Even though with clipped wings, I have risen against my enemies"
      Lucifer "The Lords of Old who had forsaken their people..."
      Lucifer "just as they forsook me..."
      Lucifer "Still an offspring of Orphidia remains...That Star-Serpent Itzelcoatl!"
      Lucifer "Moon Goddess..."
      Lucifer "She is but an infant, however I must eliminate her..."
      Lucifer "Her accursed bloodline, the daughter of Quetzalcoatl and her mother Yuki Onna"
      Lucifer "Left to grow, she will soon become aware of her powers"
      Lucifer "..."
sprite = lucifer_neutral.color 	  
      Lucifer "But ofcourse, If I could harness her powers..."
	  Lucifer "and seduce her to become my Queen"
      Lucifer "She would aid me greatly in establishing a new world order!"
      Lucifer "...I could surely use someone promising as her"
      Lucifer "Her Father Quetzelcoatl was vanquished in the Black Sun...The center of creation..."
sprite = lucifer_positive.color
      Lucifer "He fell in love with that harlot Yuki Onna...hahaha...what a fool."
      Lucifer "Becuase of such foolishness he left his post as watcher of Ara and bearer of the Morning Star"
	  Lucifer "The Ghost Lanterns twin...Venus"
      Lucifer "It was then the perfect oportunity for me to steal the Ghost Lantern"
	  Luficer "...during Qutzalcoatls absence, there was no watcher to protect those lost sheep"
	  Lucifer "During the Twilight of the Sun, I ascended into Sky Haven where I now Rule"
      Lucifer "It was fate... and my vengence was served..."
sprite = lucifer_neutral.color
	  Lucifer "However this is but the begining of my rulership over the Stars"
	  Lucifer "And soon the Universe!"
	  Lucufer "As for the Infant Brat, Itzelcoatl"
      Lucifer "I shall send my loyal servant and companion Beelzebub to confront her"
      Lucifer "Not to slay her as yet, for it would be a waste of such great potential"
sprite = lucifer_positive.color
      Lucifer "her deliciouse blood...It's too presiouse to waste away..."
scene = devil_force_eyes.vauge
      Lucifer "The Devil-Force hungers for her, and so do I..."
      Lucifer "I can sense your thirst..."
sprite_nill = lucifer_neautral
scene = devil_force_eyes.vivid
      Devil_Force "The Lucid Moon will eclipse in 90 days..."
	  Devil_Force "and on that day Beelzebub shall \'console\' our dear princess"